Docs 3711 clarify dlb certficate setup hn (#178)
mulesoft/docs-runtime-manager: modules/ROOT/pages/lb-mapping-rules.adoc

= Dedicated Load Balancer Mapping Rules
ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]

> The load balancer configuration is defined by a list of mapping rules which describe how an input URL should be translated into calls to different CloudHub apps.

Reviewer: which > that

Mapping rules are attributes of the load balancer's SSL endpoint.
When you create a mapping rule, you need to specify a certificate CN. Omitting the `[certificateName]` parameter adds the mappings to the default endpoint.

> When creating a simple matching rule, one input address is matched to the defined output: the endpoint of one of your applications.

Reviewer: When you create a simple matching rule, one input....

> Instead of using literal matchings, you can also use a pattern to match a variable, such as  input text to an endpoint.

Reviewer: Is "input" here an adjective or a verb? Reword to clarify, if necessary.

A mapping rule is a set of fields that define an input URL, and a set of fields that describe the output URL.

> The input URL is described using a URI parameter which can be specified by the user. The `URI` is a string or pattern that describes the input URI.

Reviewer: which > that
Review restrictive vs. nonrestrictive clauses.

* Passing `api.example.com` would redirect to `api.cloudhub.io` +
* Passing `application.example.com` is mapped to `application.cloudhub.io`.

The same applies to the https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Subject_Alternative_Name[Subject Alternative Names] (SANs) of your SSL endpoints.

> Instead of using a wildcard certificate, which permits any subdomain application name to be passed through the dedicated load balancer, you can restrict the allowed subdomain names. To do this, you must have different SANs configured for a certificate's common name, you can use the `subdomain` variable to map the subdomain portion of your domain name to your application.

Reviewer: There is something missing or extra in the final sentence, or that final comma should be a period? Reread and fix.

== Indexing the Priority of Rules

When creating a mapping rule, assign an index to it to define the rule's priority order.

A rule defined first, at index `0` has higher priority against other rules defined after it. The higher the index assigned, the less priority the mapping rule has.

Every rule must have a priority defined. When creating rules, pay attention to the order for each rule to avoid having multiple rules override each other.

=== Ordering and Prioritizing Rules

You can set the order of your mapping rules when creating them using the xref:anypoint-platform-cli.adoc#cloudhub-load-balancer-mappings-add[`cloudhub load-balancer mappings add`] command in the Anypoint Platform CLI and specifying an index value.

When using the API to create a rule, you cannot specify a priority order, but you can send a `PATCH` request later to the load balancer endpoint `anypoint.mulesoft.com/cloudhub/api/organizations/{orgid}/loadbalancers/{loadbalancerId}` and update your rules expressions with an order index, to match your needs based on the order logic explained above.

> The load balancer ID is provided to you when you create it. You can also perform a `GET` request to your endpoint `/organizations/{orgid}}/loadbalancers` to get the ID.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An ID for your load balancer is provided to you when you create the load balancer. You can also perform a `GET` request to your endpoint `/organizations/{orgid}}/loadbalancers` to get the ID.
```

Reviewer: Argh, I see no way around repeating "load balancer"....
